Configure sphinx to extract docstrings (#32)
jupyterhub/pytest-jupyterhub: docs/source/plugins/index.md

(plugins-index)=

# JupyterHub Pytest Plugins

> This document contains autogenerated documentation of individual plugin modules and their fixtures.

Reviewer: Let's link the mention of plugin, fixtures to their respective documentation in pytest.
Also, let's mention the use of sphinx.ext.autodoc (and link to its docs) for the generation of this section.

> This document contains autogenerated documentation of individual [plugin](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/how-to/writing_plugins.html) modules and their [fixtures](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/fixture.html#what-fixtures-are). This is done through the [sphinx.ext.autodoc](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/autodoc.html) extension.

Reviewer: Small rewording suggestion below:

```suggestion
The following section contains documentation about the individual [pytest plugin modules](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/how-to/writing_plugins.html) in the [`pytest-jupyterhub` project](https://github.com/jupyterhub/pytest-jupyterhub), and their [fixtures](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/explanation/fixtures.html).
This information was autogenerated from docstrings using  [sphinx autodoc](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/autodoc.html).
```
